Duramente is set for the Triple Crown!!
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Listen up!
Stick to running in your ideal way
and build out the race from there!
You can't let the others
draw you into their pace!
Right!
N
I
C
E
Stupid, stupid, stupid!
D
U
R
A
M
E
I wasn't even close.
She was so far in front. I couldn't reach her.
I don't know... if I can ever...
You okay, Kitasan?
Well,
I was thinking we maybe had you working a
little too hard in the run-up to the Derby.
And that maybe it's keeping
you from being able to focus.
No, I'm...
Let's prioritize recuperating for now.
You can head back for today.
I understand.
Can this emperor
surpass the last?
Tokai Teio
Teio-san's races
Today's feature is on the winner of
the Satsukishou and Japanese Derby,
DURAMENTE SPECIAL FEATURE
Triple Crown Spotlight!
Duramente, who has built anticipation
for a Triple Crown win this year.
With remarkable speed and power,
and otherworldly running that
entrances those who see it...
HER PERFORMANCE IN THE CLOSING OF THE RACE
THOUGH WILD, SHE DEMONSTRATED ENOUGH POWER
TO TAKE THE DOUBLE CROWN
Today, we're going to examine her appeal,
which would be fair to compare to that of
star horse girls of previous generations
like Symboli Rudolf,
Tokai Teio, and Narita Bryan.
I looked up to him. I wanted to be like him.
And I thought I actually could...
Dazzling on the stage,
drawing everyone's attention...
I wanted to be the same
kind of star my dad was.
I saw that dream realized,
in a certain form, on that day.
Fill in the missing space.
East
West
South
North
\h\h\h\h(Kita)
Tokai Teio is demonstrating a real
aptitude at straightaways here.
There are three runners behind
her battling for second.
It's Tokai Teio!
Tokai Teio is taking off!
She's demonstrating her superior potential
by getting one... no, two lengths' lead!
That's incredible!
Tokai Teio shows why she was favored
to win by finishing in first!
You've gotta hand it to her!
That was really amazing! To run
like that in her first race...
Wow...
Wow, wow! That was just amazing!
I was a fan after a single glimpse of her.
She was strong, beautiful, and cool.
As another horse girl, I thought about how
much I wished I could run just like her.
"I want to be like Teio-san."
Even now,
Goal
I keep thinking about how I want to take
the steps I need to be as great as her.
I want to stand at her side. I want to see
the same sights and feel what it's like.
I want to be a horse girl like her!
Spring, summer, fall, and winter...
On clear days and rainy ones...
Whether I felt good or bad...
When I was alone, or with my friends...
The thing I yearned for the most
was to chase after Teio-san.
The way she shined so bright, like a miracle.
And she was always in the distance, but...
I thought if I worked hard,
I could reach her someday.
I could catch up to my ideal...
become like the person I idolize.
That's why I've kept running.
Welcome to the Tracen Academy open campus!
What are your names?
I'm Kitasan Black!
I'm Satono Diamond!
Okay! I'll remember you two!
Starting on the outside hasn't
been any problem for her!
Tokai Teio... has won the Japanese Derby!
Japanese Derby
Tokai Teio! Tokai Teio is in the lead!
Tokai Teio makes a miraculous return!
Arima Kinen
She was so amazing...
Blindingly bright.
Entrance Ceremony
We're finally here, Dia-chan.
Yeah. Let's work hard together, Kita-chan.
I enrolled in Tracen Academy and made my debut,
so maybe I had gotten a little closer.
I thought so, and I was focused
on what was in front of me.
I ran as hard as I could.
I've run all this time.
But... I realized it, on some level.
I...
don't think...
I was able to do it.
I'm heading out to run.
Be safe!
Kitasan's been down lately.
I hope she's eating properly.
She's bound to be over her exhaustion,
but I think her motivation
hasn't bounced back yet.
If she pushes too hard in that condition,
she could seriously hurt herself.
She needs to take her time.
You're not worried?
Your favorite kouhai is troubled.
It's okay.
I know Kita-chan will be all right.
Holy crap, did you hear the big news?!
The others girls in Spica are
bound to be worried about me.
I can't keep sulking like this.
That won't change anything.
But... even if I try harder...
A distal tibial fracture in both legs with
an expected six months of recovery time.
Word is that her chances of running
again this year are essentially gone.
Again, for those just joining us,
DURAMENTE INJURED
NO HOPE OF RUNNING AT THE KIKKASHOU?!
we have learned the horse
girl who won the
DURAMENTE INJURED
NO HOPE OF RUNNING AT THE KIKKASHOU?!
Double Crown at the Satsukishou
and Japanese Derby this year,
DURAMENTE INJURED
NO HOPE OF RUNNING AT THE KIKKASHOU?!
Duramente, has broken her legs.
Broken?
The last race of the Classic
Triple Crown, the Kikkashou,
DURAMENTE INJURED
NO HOPE OF RUNNING AT THE KIKKASHOU?!
is held in autumn and
said to be the main event,
but now it seems there's
no telling what may happen.
Duramente is a Double Crown horse
girl who has run in six races,
with four wins and two second
place finishes, a dominant record,
and was said to be the strongest
competitor in the Classic Triple Crown
after her victories in the
Satsukishou and Japanese Derby.
Naturally, this made her the favored
prospect for the Kikkashou in autumn,
with fan expectations flying high,
resulting in disappointment
after this recent development.
It really is a shame, considering her
hopes for a Triple Crown.
For our next story, tomorrow is
the long-anticipated grand prix,
the Takarazuka Kinen...
Pathetic.
Voted the favorite race of
fans for two years in a row.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
I am just awful.
She's so strong and fast though!
She's not gonna be in the Kikkashou?
No. Injuries are what they are,
but this is just awful.
Kinda reminds me of what happened to Nature.
I can't believe what happened to Duramente.
I guess she won't be ready in time for fall.
She would've had the Kikkashou
and Triple Crown in the bag.
Still, this means the other horse girls
that are running have a chance now.
Come on, man.
I can't help but think about
what happened to Teio.
I know what you mean! Me too!
It's so awful. Poor Duramente.
Really.
Will Kita-san be okay?
She's due back any time now, but when
she hears about Duramente's injury...
She's bound to be frustrated.
I'm sure she was thinking
about getting revenge.
I think so.
Wanting to run against someone,
but being unable to...
I know all too well how painful that can be.
Let's cheer her up when she gets back!
"Don't sweat it, just run!"
Good idea!
Oh, I know! Why don't we make
a sports drink for Kita-san?
I'm in!
I'm... I'm so...
Hey! You okay over there?
Nice Nature-san...
Oh, me!
Turbo-san!
Here.
Thank you so much...
Don't mention it.
Tannhauser bought the tea, but we
honestly never drink the stuff.
You don't wanna go to training?
Guess you're a bit of a slacker!
You thinking about the Kikkashou?
This is a good chance to
get it off your chest.
They say sometimes the less
familiar you are with someone,
the easier it is to come clean with them.
I'm all ears, if you're okay with that.
It's bitter...
She's my hero.
I always wanted to be like Teio-san.
I wanted to be a star like her.
But I can't. I understand that now.
Duramente-san is a lot more like her.
Winning the Satsukishou and the Derby,
with this incredible, cool running
style that makes everyone excited...
The kind I could never do.
And then when people heard about her legs,
and learn that the Triple Crown isn't going
to happen, they're so disappointed...
And worried.
But I thought... "She really is like Teio-san."
I realize how awful it must be to
be injured, and unable to run, and yet...
But it's like everyone's only looking at her.
And if that wasn't bad enough
of me, I actually thought...
"If she isn't running, maybe now
I can win the Kikkashou."
I actually thought that!
I never had a chance in the first place!
Not to become an impressive,
dazzling star like Teio-san!
Wow. I completely get
where you're coming from.
I looked up to Teio too, y'know.
The thing about her...
She's kind of a natural-born star?
Shining and straightforward,
but she works hard too.
And is really strong.
But then she got injured during the Derby,
and in spite of that, she worked hard
on her rehab until the very end.
Watching her really made
me want to try harder.
I thought, "I'm gonna run in the Kikkashou,
and I'm gonna win!"
I actually managed to win four
races in a row after that,
which got me into the Kikkashou!
And then I started thinking...
"What if Teio isn't back in time?"
That maybe I'd actually have
a chance in that case.
I mean, I wanted to win. Who wouldn't?
I wanted first place, not second or third.
But... the second the idea came to mind,
I realized how lame that sounded.
And I got mad...
So yeah, I was in the same boat.
Nature-san...
It's rough, y'know? Getting compared to
these superstars like Teio and Duramente.
People talk about how the star
of the Kikkashou is absent,
or how they would've been guaranteed
to win if they could've ran.
And I was like, "Screw that."
So I was set on winning.
I wanted people to look at me.
I wanted to show people that it
didn't matter if Teio was running.
That was how I felt when I ran. I wanted
to show them what I was made of.
As cowardly, or weak, or uncool as that
might've been... I was true to myself.
I think that's where I really got started.
Even though I only made fourth place.
Your start... for being true to yourself.
I don't know. I don't know
how to be true to myself...
It's a tough one. Even I still
wonder about it, from time to time.
And I'm not confident at all.
Since the Derby, I've been so scared...
I totally get that! I seriously don't know
if I've ever thought I could win for real.
But... in spite of it all...
I want to win.
I still want to win!
Yeah. Then you should show them.
Everyone who thinks the
real star is missing...
Do you think I can do it?
You totally can! You've got a
much better shot than I did.
Even if I'm cowardly, or weak, or uncool?
All those things are a part
of Kitasan Black too, right?
And that's you.
I see... thank you so much.
You're really nice, Nature-san!
Aw, what're you talking about?!
Go on, finish your tea!
R-Right!
Bitter!
Right?
She's still not back...
I bet finding out about
Duramente really got to her.
I think so.
It's okay!
I'm sure this sports
drink will perk her right up!
I'm back!
Kitasan...
U-Um...
I'm going to keep working hard!
So I hope you'll keep instructing me!
All right! You're gonna win that Kikkashou!
Right!
I'm gonna go run right now!
Save it for tomorrow!
I can't be like Teio-san.
But I don't need to.
I can be weak, and cowardly, and uncool...
If that's who I am.
Even if I'm not a star, and not
dazzling, and not the protagonist...
I can fight... and struggle.
And here we have the autumn G1 race.
The last of the classic
triple crown, the Kikkashou!
Duramente is unable to run due to injury,
despite winning the Satsukishou
and Japanese Derby...
And I'm sure there were many fans hoping
to see her win the Triple Crown.
It really is a shame.
No one needs to be paying attention.
I don't care if anyone praises me.
I'll fight as hard as I can... and I'll
do it my way. Being true to myself!
The horse girls have entered their gates.
As the cool fall breeze blows through Kyoto,
who will win the Kikkashou, the final
race in the Classic Triple Crown?
And they're off!
Kindan Shirt makes a late start!
She's going to be running far behind!
Go!
They're coming up on the corner,
and it's Parole and Ribon Pastoral
battling for the lead!
Are we looking at a war of attrition?
Parole and Ribon Pastoral pull out in front!
They are both really going for it now!
They say that the most powerful horse girl
usually wins the final
race of the triple crown.
Do you know why?
What brought that on?
It's because this race requires
both speed and stamina,
with a length of 3,000 meters
that includes two hills,
so you need to be the total package to win.
It's also said that the race was
modeled after the St. Leger Stakes
and that the Kyoto Ministry of—
Go, Kitasan Black!
How's she gonna do here? They seem
to be pulling away from her a bit.
That's not necessarily a bad thing.
Not necessarily good, either.
Which is it?!
The 3,000 meters for this
course aren't smooth going.
Horse girls running the classics won't have
encountered a distance like this before.
Then everyone has an equal opportunity...
And now, with their thoughts and hopes
pinned on the chrysanthemum
this race is named after,
the horse girls are entering
the second corner!
And as they ascend the second hill, the
placements are shifting all over the place!
Fight! Struggle! Hang on!
And run! Run! Run!
The horse girls are now crossing
from the third to fourth corners,
beginning their downhill descent.
Genjitsu Steal seems to be conserving
her strength in the middle of the pack.
I don't need to dazzle like a star!
I'm just me!
I'm Kitasan Black!
Six hundred meters to go and they're
rounding the fourth curve!
Go!
And here's the final straightaway!
The horse girls enter their last spurt!
On the inside, Kitasan Black is moving up!
And this... is where it starts!
Kitasan Black is making her move!
Kitasan Black! Kitasan Black on the inside,
with Jewel Sapphire on the out,
and Genjitsu Steal is coming up the middle!
There's Genjitsu Steal in the center!
Genjitsu Steal is tearing
up the center track!
Kita-chan!
Go!
Kitasan Black has the lead!
She's holding it!
It's a festival! This is
looking like a festival!
It's Kitasan's festival!
Kikkashou
Kitasan Black is your winner!
Kita-chan!
Well...
You seem pretty dazzling to me.
See what I meant? Kita-chan was just fine.
I suppose we were worried for nothing.
Y'know, maybe Kita-chan will end up
an even better horse girl than me.
You won't tell her that?
Why would I?! I'm jealous!
Thank you so much!
This is where I get my start.
Even if I'm not cool,
I'll still be moving forward.
For me, this is...
Episode 2
The Start Line